girls and boys is here to spend
my room goes its size and lively
really sorry then if you like
this video in the evening to questions
me because I'll know if you like
this kind of heart videos and I
I can say bars and it also helps me
much in the disclosure in the channel then
you like my work here
I liked it and it goes down
inventory also some suggestion that
you have during this video
Hello
after much work much noise a lot
laughter and a lot of waiting for my family, I
I watch more never have visions in works
the bedroom is the free way you lie then it is
fact that there are locke 80 offices in
room on the left will have my
office and initially on the pt
I was a little older but I decreased
because I do not need a territory
so great and I'm only really going to use it
to college and to solve things
of the channel is from the blog then it will be a
space that I intend to vote a bench
in front and back the instant prove
book of things, do not you people I'm
super excited this has no idea
I do not give a lot of people are full of
things for the bathroom and faithful but since
logo here we leave the bathroom
I was going to work this deep well soon
you leave the office in your bathroom
And the first time I have a bathroom to
emergency call never got to go
in my room and to be honest one
saturday to the bathroom because as the room
great we just tired we can
learning at home values ​​this kind of
bathroom, then we put the
company separate from boc because neither
We always want to use the tub
but this consumption of tobacco and the house
because I wanted a half- bathroom and
I always dreamed of having a naked sea bath
because I think it's a classic thing
and that it endure forever as long as the
city you do not govern in Jorge is
That thing I chose the mage is that he
It's a bit like sitting with white with
This beautiful, beautiful, beautiful neighborhood in
all 4 times they will make one
fourth movie uses so I'm very
excited are still very congratulating one
dream for me
ai colleagues but are sorry
things in weird thing floor of
Florida and skirts in K4 and she the boss who
new to me and not on my back but the
The plan is to focus more on the waist
east and the bridge to write surprise
when they lacked it they are in resgatar the
continue in portugal is no longer the
body but remember that it was
five of them government may be the destination
in the morning
I told my morning playing easy.
get ready for the boot one colchãozinho
I look fine and I 'm very much
Happy not very grateful to my parents.
And God has one of that amount.
I always dream about things like that and and
only then finally becoming
reality
just for you to understand the 4th of this
size because below my room in
house garage so if I let him
the lesser it is to run away from the design of the house
drawing of the house then according to
architect is this size for
follow all the wrong design
understood that passed and not with
than the headwaters but they did in that
program has to look moss
send down here to win with him
but he is gay
Yes, I wanted to please down there, but
did not it gonna roll so i did not
I cared about the fireplace. I'll try to talk.
with kiss to use is the handset was tv
and the IAEA and three are already defeating this
new policeman but in Brazil but that
schamus bresh is today
and still did not try the
internet speaks to a musical genre of
band on which I can radius through a
little she very speechless to
describe what it is and talk to it
I know you but it's cool so I went there
look a little shoe March 5 between him
and your father
in the legal environment and until we could return to
people do people I do not know yet
Down here, you might call down here.
do this this is my room I hope
that have liked and have suggestions
so the next videos press area
decoration and to balance
sentimentality is not good
one kiss stay with god and until the next
month